Tell me about yourself?

I am a Lead Software Engineer (SE4) at Cerner (an Oracle company). I have a masters in Computer engineering finished in 2013. 9 out of 12 years of my work experience comes from my current job at Cerner (Oracle). I have 1 year of work experience in India working on IBM mainframes. After that I worked as a Field Engineer with Weatherford for 2 years (was promoted as Service Supervisor, handled million dollar per day field jobs and was moved to Dubai). I did my Masters in US after that where I also worked as lead GTA and was awarded the Chairmans Graduate Fellowship award - and then joined my current company. At Cerner I have worked in a Full stack Node.js development team automating support workflows saving about 15 FTEs per year. I have personally also worked with Data scientists and architects to build and deploy Data Analytics, AI/NLP and ML models outside of work. After this I was noticed by our R&D team and asked to build out an idea I had as a side project (that is targetting an untapped 8B$ industry in the next 5 years - I also made a business plan with TAM for this). In my current job, I am the primary technical lead to ideate, design, build, scale my idea into a new patented first of a kind healthcare process analytics platform from scratch on AWS (Python, Java).  I have designed and built end-to-end complete AWS architecture and Ingestion data-pipelines in map-reduce that processes about 16B patient events per week. Have built fist of a kind centralized Data-warehouse and automated query scheduling framework from scratch On Athena and S3 for all of Cerner's patient data. I also have the following accomplishments in my current job - won hackathons, Judge for Developer and Data Analytics conferences for 2 years (attended ny 30K employees), am a Developer Security champion for my org of 300 people, have been a consistent distinguished employee, above and beyond awards, client satisfaction awards. Have also completed extrelemy competitive executive and architect leadership programs as a top 1% candidate (200 selected among 3000 executive nominations). Am a certified AWS architect and Data Analytics expert and I own and manage AWS tenants for my development team. Recently I influened a cross-organizational change leading to new product development and creation of a new org to build a centralized healtchare data platform on LAkehouse paradigm that will save the company an estimated 2.5 to 3M$ per year. On the side, I am an AWS and Artifical Intelligence evangelist where I create and maintain online communities for increased collaboration within the company. My interests lie in the area of data analytics, scalability and public cloud. 


Outside of work, I like to be creative. I am a self-taught professional Wildlife photographer and Sound Engineer as a hobby. Currently I am self-publishing and marketing an acoustic Indie album called Gratitude with 5 songs in 2 languages that I have written, composed, recorded, mixed, mastered and released on youtube. I am also learning blockchain technology on the side out of cursiosity.

--------
I am a Lead Software Engineer (SE4) at Oracle (Cerner). 
After my undergraduate engineering degree in India in 2007 I worked as an IBM mainframes developer for 1 year. 

Next, I joined houston based Weatherford as a Field Engineer.Worked there for 2 years. Executed high stake million dollar jobs for some of the largest clients. Was immediately promoted as a Service Supervisor based on performance and was sent to Dubai. 

I then completed my masters in computer engineering in the US, where I was also the lead GTA and taught a class of 150 students. On the side, I single handedly helped the engineering department achieve ABET accreditation after 6 long years for which I was awarded the Chairmans fellowship award.  

I have since been working with Oracle/Cerner for the last 9 years as a Lead Software Engineer. Initially I worked directly with clients in operations and won many client satisfaction awards. I then joined an automation team where I worked on end-to-end Full stack web development in Node.js. There, I helped save about 15 FTEs per year, lead the team into cutting edge UI patterns, Agile mthodologies, graph and NoSQL databases, cloud based realtime and serverles systems and mentored new engineers. On the side, I also helped Data ARchitect and scientists on Data analytics, ML/AI/NLP tasks outside of work. 

The R&D team noticed an idea I had, which turned out to have an 8B$ total addresable market. So my idea was patented and I was asked to design, build and create the first healtcare process analytics framework from scratch on AWS. For the lasst 3 years, 